alright here's my 2007 Zen electric car
things really amazing has great pickup
we'll get in a minute so you can check
that out these lights are xenon
headlights
they're extremely bright very good
there's a look at the whole car you can
get a bit better look don't worry those
stickers will come right off I don't
have to worry about that there's that
alloy wheels right here regenerative
braking by the way on all the wheels
which is super nice and there's a ton of
storage space in the back here's a look
at the back I just got this all detailed
so it's looking super good also with
this plug-in sticker at least in
California you can get free parking in a
lot of places which is nice as you can
see in the back plenty of room you can
put a couple kegs back here all the
groceries you know for a family of four
four weeks it's pretty amazing
as you can tell there's defogger on the
back here heated window here defeated
rear window which is really nice here's
where it plugs in right there just
standard 110 outlet very nice there's
the alloy wheels again and here's the
side we also have a very nice interior
here's here's the inside now there's
automatic windows which are just great
they go up and down which is good and
I've got the dash turned on right now
maybe you'll be able to see that you
know basically because it gives you your
battery level right here it's a time of
day obviously the speed and here's the
mileage 3358 it's on there what else can
I tell you about the inside very simple
emergency brake
there's the paddle accelerator right
there and then here's a look at the back
too so real simple this thing gets about
25 miles of charge
I've got brand new batteries in it show
you that here actually the batteries are
super nice we have we'll also have a
you know just a regular fan their heater
inside on JVC radio here that got a
little Spanish station on okay let's
take a look at the batteries really
quickly very nice setup I've got brand
new advanced batteries in here these are
deep cycle they have a year warranty on
them
that's replacement to which is really
incredible there's six of them there's
four in the back there and then two here
up front thing will take basically
almost no maintenance I mean all you
have to do is maybe replace a windshield
wiper fluid and then the tires remember
this car only has 3,000 miles on it so
boy tires are gonna last a long time and
basically no maintenance it's really an
incredible vehicle